lightning: update configure about backslash (#3583)
pingcap/docs: tidb-lightning/migrate-from-csv-using-tidb-lightning.md

    | `\t`     | Tab (U+0009)             |
    | `\Z`     | Windows EOF (U+001A)     |

>     In all other cases (for example, `\"`) the backslash is simply stripped, leaving the next character (`"`)in the field. In these situations, the reserved characters are only ordinary characters, and their special usages (for example, delimiters) will be unavailable.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    In all other cases (for example, `\"`) the backslash is simply stripped, leaving the next character (`"`) in the field. In these situations, the reserved characters are only ordinary characters, and their special usages (for example, delimiters) will be unavailable.
```

>     In all other cases (for example, `\"`) the backslash is simply stripped, leaving the next character (`"`) in the field. In these situations, the reserved characters are only ordinary characters, and their special usages (for example, delimiters) will be unavailable.

Reviewer: Lgtm

    | `\Z`     | Windows EOF (U+001A)     |

>     In all other cases (e.g. `\"`) the backslash is simply stripped, leaving the next character (`"`)

Reviewer 2: Please move L125 at the end of the L124.
```suggestion
    In all other cases (for example, `\"`) the backslash is simply stripped, leaving the next character (`"`)
```

> in the field. Meanwhile, the reserved characters are only ordinary characters, and all special characters (e.g. delimiter) will be invalid.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
in the field. In these situations, the reserved characters are only ordinary characters, and their special usages (for example, delimiters) will be unavailable.
```
